sådana:
started by reading in SAG, they only group sådana with likadan. extracted all
pronouns from saldo which are used as both determiners and SP (subjective
predicative complement). Got a list of six:
 sådana, fler,något, mycket,ingen,annan,(likadan (not in talbanken, but by
 saldo))
ingen and någon is already in gf, by something, some_Pl osv.
mycket is handled by much_Det, 'det är mycket'- mycket handled as Det->NP.
 'den är mycken' -> mycken is in saldo too? No, but do we need it as a PronAQ?
need to decide what to do with annan?
the rest can be split into two groups: the ones who take their number from the
subject and the ones who don't
 ex: 'en sådan bil, sådana bilar' -- 'fler bilar' . not 'fler bil'
in the group of sådana we now have likadana and annat. annat is maybe not
really good. det är annat?
since någon/inget is already added, we are left with likadan and sådan (just
like sag said...)
maybe need another category for fler, mer. they can also be compared : 'flest
bilar'

can not be predeterminer: 'sådana de skogen' - 'sådana alla skogar'
  even though this would allow the number to be handled
decided to split into two categories, seems to work ok. likadan is not treated
as a pronoun.. 
becomes overgenerating, the resulting adjectives cannot be used in weak form:
 'de sådana katterna' in positive. many do not have compartive either.
Does not allow comparing, neither as predicative nor as determiner.
Can not use them as adverbs 'han springer sådan-t'
Solved by allowing the category to be put directly into Comp. 
The determiners are handled by tex most_Predet anyway, so maybe not needed.
For the predicatives, gf never allows this atm, so I will skip it for now.

problem with PronAQ/D -> Comp is that we miss:
väldigt sådan (ok? a bit slangy)
sådan av naturen (? AdvAP)
måla den sådan  (?)
hur sådan (ok)
sådan och stor (ok? slangy)
sådan, att hon är här (ok) (bra att hon är här)
sådan är hon -- allowed
de blev sådana (allow!) -- problem. cant allow 'han ser en katt ut'
       so cannot have CompVA : Comp -> VA -> VP ; even though it would
       be nice for become_VA. (han blir en katt/han blir sådan/han blir röd)
       'han ser sådan ut' is ok, but 'han ser fler ut'. 'de ser fler ut' ok.
       fler doesn't want singular!
  solved: special rule for 'bli sådan' and one for 'bli fler' (<- comparA!!)
          FocAdv takes Comp. nice, allows 'en katt är han'

NPs allowed: 'sådana' or 'ett sådant'. not 'en sådan' or 'sådant'
solved: sp : ett sådant, s: sådant

PronADs is not used in singular. Bad grammar. Or maybe they can be.


-------
hela:
simply added as a predeterminer.
"hela skogen" , "hela bordet", ?"hela husen"
                               *"alla hela husen"
"inte hela katten"
def or indef according to SAG.

---
others:
based on how the pronouns from saldo are used in talbanken.
see section pronomen in SAG.
varenda:
determiner
"varenda katt"
"inte varenda katt"
want "varenda en är gul", but it refuses to have utr.
 add extra field in Det for this?
 
Things we want to say:
den ena katten
de log båda

Don't want to say:
den själva katten (and can't say it)
samma katten (def)-- SAG 201: noun in indef --
själva mat (indef) -- see SAG 230 , noun must be definite (are in exampels at least)
  -- should be quant, but variants does not work

in mail to Ramona:
There seems to be at least three ways to divide the forms:
- predeterminers cannot be put by them selves (turned into a NP by
itself),  determiners can
- determiners decide their number and if the noun should be in
definite form or not, whereas
 the predets don't.
 - you can put 'de' after a predeterminer but before a determiner.

 Is last rule is correct for English, when using 'the' instead of 'de'?
 It seems to be working for
 Swedish, 'alla de barnen' / 'de få barnen'
 but you can't parse any of those sentences with the resource grammar.

 My problem is that I have some words which doesn't really fit in
 either category.
 For example 'själv' (in the sense "själva kungen kom" ~ "even the king came").
 It cannot be put alone, and it does not decide which number that should be used,
 but I don't think you can use indefinite nouns with it: 'själva kung kom'.
 If you want to add 'de', you should add it after 'själv': 'själva den kungen'

 Another example is 'varenda'. It seems to be a determiner, the noun must be
 in singular and in indefinite form. But you cannot say 'de(n) varenda skogen'.

 Am I misunderstanding how the categories should  be used, or do I need to
 modify the grammar? Or is it ok for the grammar to allow some constructions
 that no one would really use (such as  'själva kung kom')?

 Also, I have some questions about the field 'sp' in determiners. It seems to be
 used when the determiner is used as a NP by the function DetNP, do you know if
 that is the only use?
 I would like it to have a field for gender, since it automatically is
 set to neutrum, but for
 'varenda' it should be utrum: 'varenda en var gul' (not gult). (So the
 sp-field of varenda
 is 'varenda en').

