v 39
I spent this week trying to get the basic mapping done, so that
it will be nice to show at Gullmarsstrand. I had to restructure 
the monad, and in order to map questions (where the complement of
the verbs comes before the verb) I'll need to restructure the
code again. The fuctions translating the complements returns 
tupels of different type depending on what kind of complement it is,
and therefore the type of the function combining the verb with its
complement doesn't know exactly what type of arguments it has.
Apart from these problems I think the mapping is in a pretty
good shape now. 
I have also been working on the grammar, redefining ReflGenVP
to make it show what numerus the noun is in. I have added the function
AdvVPSlash (which is in abstract.gf but was not implemented for scandinavian).
This allows you to put an adverb between the verb and its complement;
'han åt sedan äpplet'. Yesterday I worked on a function which makes use
of the preterium particip, 'det ätna äpplet', 'äpplet är ätet'. I'm not quite sure 
which type it should have, either VPSlash -> AP 
to allow  'han är äten', 'han är given till henne', 'han är ombedd att gå'
,'den är tänkt att sitta där' ... or maybe also V -> AP since you can say
'de gågna åren', 'de tänkta bostäderna' (where the verbs are of type V).
(given is adjective in saldo and talbanken!)
The problem with VPSlash is that in the VP-record there is no longer 
information about the pret.particip form. 
At the moment the type is V2 -> AP.
There is also a problem with ReflGenVP, since you can say 
'han gillade alla sina syskon', where you add a Predet to a ReflNP,
but it still is a ReflNP. Maybe I should add this. There might be more
problems, like 'han gillade sina syskon som var i utlandet', if
you want to parse it like ((sina syskon) som var i utlandet) instead
of (sina (syskon som var i utlandet)).

I have looked for someone who will finish his/her master soon, so that
I can be his/her opponent, but everyone I found won't finish until
march, and neither Sven or Suzana knows about someone else.

Also, I been starting on the paper for LREC, but haven't got very far yet.
I will try to find other papers from previous years to read.

Apart from this, I need to prepare a presentation and a demo for Gullmarsstrand.
So, considering that I would want to finish all of this this week and 
that it's friday today I have a lot (too much) to do.



v 38 1/2
I've been working on the mapping, which just becomes harder and harder,
and tested it on the testsuite I was using before the summer, where
the sentences are relatively easy. Since the testsuit was in another
format than the one I'm using now, I have to put some time into
getting the same sentences in the new format.
The testsuite now consists of 118 sentences, and the translator fails
completely for 38 of those. (31 fails after changing some errors in the
simplification, 26 after update of mapping).
The resulting trees are saved in mappingShort*.txt.
This testsuite are not meant to be the testsuite for the whole project, so 
I will extract another one soon. For Maltparser, they used 10% as for testing,
so I could probably do the same.
I hope to improve the mapping during this week.
Some functions have also been added to my grammar, RelNP' (kvinnan som äter)
and another PassVP (äts).

v 37
This week I have been working on the mapping of Talbanken trees.
I use the trees in Talbanken05 (flat version), and so far the mapping
seams to be unambiguous. On the other hand, I don't spend much time on
the constructions that aren't allowed in GF yet, I save that for later.
I have made a list of problems and things that should be added (probably)
to GF (MappingProblemList.txt)
However, the mapping takes much more time than I had expected, I still
have a lot to do, even though I'm only considering short sentences.
So I could probably spend all of next week on the mapping...

I will spend the rest of the week (day) to examine Extract and Maltparser,
cleaning my code and organizing my work.

