download newest GF

behöver gå på två presentationer! hitta dem.
behöver opponera/opponeras! hitta person.

LREC. kolla upp och skriv två sidor. 20 okt? write about what I did before spring,
that I'm using the resources Saldo, talbanken,gf. "first results".

Om en månad möte med elisabet.

9 dec med lilla gruppen.

ha seminarie 12/13 jan på clt.

subbranch the swedish from scandinavian.
Upload my things!

Goals: -make better usage of SALDO (keep the identifiers!), re-import it, 
        see if we can stay up to date with it. make one big version, but
        have a small one as well, for the project, where one word of each type is 
        available.
       -add grammatical constructions, such as relative clauses, embedded clauses.
        make a list from talbanken. (better than compounds, ellipses,conjunction acc. to Elisbeth)
       -add things in AVP. idioms.

particles: to types, particles (vara med) and preposition (bero på). At least all particles are
           in the lexicon. (maybe ask aarne/ramona/krasse about the mapping for this)


double function: read in Academy grammar, annex. should be added, but needs considerations.
                 both subject and object can have a np in the end of the sentence. reuse 
                 records? needs agreement. 

idioms: list and add!

mycket as pron: list all (mycket, fler, också, även, bara). should be in the list if they
                can be put before the finite verb. then they can also focus the NP. Focusing
                Sentence Adverbials. Put them as category X, which can be used as Det (and thereby
                as NP) and as AdV.

particip: parsa dem som adjektiv

meta nouns: handle them as nouns.

AVP and idioms: list all, add. 

antalet bilar: N2 with empty prep-field. make sure it works for 'antalet arbetande' and 'antalet bilar'
               A2

special case of passive: det dansas. needs 'det'. can be added.

passive: Should have VP/NP -> Passive, so not only V2 -> NP.

ha frågan öppen: V2A. Different from 'dansa naken'. Object predicative. 
